Docs/v2.0.0 migration (#60)
sighupio/fury-eks-installer: docs/upgrades/v1.11.0-to-v2.0.0-alpha2.md

echo "terraform state mv 'module.${VPC_AND_VPN_MODULE_NAME}.local_file.furyagent' 'module.${VPN_MODULE_NAME}.local_file.furyagent'" | sh
echo "terraform state mv 'module.${VPC_AND_VPN_MODULE_NAME}.local_file.sshkeys' 'module.${VPN_MODULE_NAME}.local_file.sshkeys'" | sh
echo "terraform state mv 'module.${VPC_AND_VPN_MODULE_NAME}.null_resource.init' 'module.${VPN_MODULE_NAME}.null_resource.init'" | sh
echo "terraform state mv 'module.${VPC_AND_VPN_MODULE_NAME}.null_resource.ssh_users' 'module.${VPN_MODULE_NAME}.null_resource.ssh_users'" | sh

terraform plan -out terraform.plan
```

# ON FURY root module
```shell
terraform init -upgrade

export EKS_MODULE_NAME=fury
echo "terraform state rm 'module.${EKS_MODULE_NAME}.module.cluster.kubernetes_config_map.aws_auth[0]'" | sh
echo "terraform state mv 'module.${EKS_MODULE_NAME}.aws_security_group.nodes' 'module.${EKS_MODULE_NAME}.aws_security_group.node_pool_shared'" | sh
echo "terraform state mv 'module.${EKS_MODULE_NAME}.aws_security_group_rule.ssh_from_dmz_to_nodes' 'module.${EKS_MODULE_NAME}.aws_security_group_rule.ssh_to_nodes'" | sh
```

> Then move the node pools from old with index (list) to new with key(object). Use `var.node_pool.*.name` as key.
> Check the terraform plan to understand how to map index with keys.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the trickiest parts of the migration consists in moving the node pools from the old version that uses indexes (via a list-type property) to the new one using keys(via an object-typed property). In order to do the move, you will have to use the `var.node_pool.*.name` as key.
See the example below:
Check the terraform plan to understand how to map index with keys.

```
